Well, we're all about the Nvidia numbers
as we kick off the session this morning.
You've just got a lot of these time when
you see suppliers coming online and
you're seeing some downward pressure
here, but actually I think it's
important to note you're not really
seeing the scale of losses you saw for
Nvidia in the after hours session,
around 3% off, but even further past 4%
at some points in the session. I mean,
the Nvidia numbers were
were actually a beat, a slight beat for
the second quarter in terms of revenue.
In terms of the third quarter as well, I
mean, projections pretty much in line
with analyst expectations on average.
The problem is when you've got these
really lofty projections. Some, for
instance, have been seeing sales of $60
billion for the third quarter. Actually,
the company's guiding for 54 billion.
The very big question is really what
happens for China. And and and the
company's not really baking in China at
all any China sales into their current
forecasts, but could they resume their
sales? Would there be demand? And can
they start to perhaps sell some sort of
modified Blackwell infrastructure into
the market as well? But that's the state
of play there. We're going to dig a lot
more into the Nvidia numbers throughout
the day today.
In terms of the overall market session
today, I mean, you're taking a
particular look at tech stocks today.
They will be likely a little bit under
pressure in the session, but broadly
you've got equities actually a bit in
the green. Sort of reflects that trend
we saw in the US session. It did go
okay, but again, in after hours you're
seeing an under pressure that Nvidia
story coming through. The next big test
for markets is very much this inflation
numbers, this inflation data we get at
the end of the week in the US. Ahead of
that, you've seen US yields, for
instance,
treasuries rallying or continuing their
climb. You're seeing the dollar a bit
under pressure, but it is a bit of
further easing. Just to note as well,
we're keeping a close watch on the
Korean won this morning. You are seeing
a little bit of pressure or gains rather
against against the greenback getting
very close to that 1400 level. We did
just have the BOK leaving its key rate
at 2.5%. Some concerns there around some
froth that we're seeing in the housing
market as well. The outlook for the
housing market in general.
Golden Dragon Index. This is really
notable here because we saw a sharp
sell-off overnight. This is actually the
worst session we've seen for the Golden
Dragon Index in 2 months. Are you up
against that context of of a huge rally
that we've seen in Chinese stocks, but
that big warning from Meituan
warning of major food losses in this
Chinese food war. Of course, we've got
Alibaba coming up. We've already had JD
numbers, but certainly telling us that
story. ADRs we saw down around 10% in
the session. Of course, Meituan a very
heavy weighting in Hong Kong. Broadly,
again, you can see here what we're
setting up for in the session today is
weakness ahead. But Yvonne, of course, I
mean, it's that big question. The rally
that we've seen in Chinese equities. I
mean, we're talking about $1 trillion.
Is that starting to look a little bit on
thin ice?
>> And you're starting to see, right? What
are the potential sort of flat red flags
that we're seeing here? You know, margin
trading certainly. We've seen turnover
hit another 3 trillion RMB yesterday
despite the sell-off. But then there are
signs that potentially, you know, we are
seeing maybe you could say people trying
or at least regulators trying to slow
down this sort of rally, right? What
we've been hearing from our sources
about brokerages, for example, now
limiting purchases or cutting back on
financing. Also talking about about
raising this margin deposit ratios as
well. You know, obviously they're not
There's no clear-cut, you know,
directive from regulators so far, but it
does go to show that there are concerns
now that if things correct in a bad way
that clients are going to be burned
pretty badly.
>> think there's sort of two themes. I
mean,
you know, post that sort of crackdown on
the anti-involution or that that trend.
You've seen that huge exuberance for
stocks in China. But what are the
economic fundamentals telling you in the
country? And they're still looking
pretty weak. The big test, of course, do
you start to see those cracks when
you've got some concerns around the
liquidity pipeline? And if you have
brokerages that are moving to tighten
that margin ratio, is that where you
start to see maybe that beginning of the
end for the bubble?
>> Yeah, beginning of the end, maybe we'll
see, or the potential bubble that people
say, right? So, certainly that's what
the brokerages are doing right now.
We'll see if that has any sort of
impact. Uh but yeah, we also talk about
uh Nvidia, right? I mean, you as you
said, blowout numbers in some ways, but
still not able to justify this kind of
near-record run for the stock.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, it's been
another huge run, and it's sort of that
continuing theme that you see basically
around the last several earnings
periods. When don't we have that
question, is that AI rally overdone? Are
we seeing signs of overheating? I mean,
the big question, of course, going into
the numbers, and we didn't get too much
clarity, except that we should be maybe
just removing ourselves from it, is
China. They haven't baked it into the
forecast. But at the same time, I mean,
Jensen Huang was talking about this
during the earnings call about that big
opportunity that he sees in the market.
Yeah.
>> So, we need to get more clarity on, of
course, the whole H20 side of things in
China first, really, to maybe realize
that. But we let's hear a little more
about what we heard from Jensen Huang
during that earnings call about the
China business.
>> So, I think the
you know, the the opportunity for us to
bring Blackwell
uh to uh the China market uh is a real
possibility. And so, we just have to
keep advocating
uh the the uh uh sensibility of uh and
the importance of uh American tech
companies to be able to to uh lead uh
and win the AI race.
>> Let's bring in Bloomberg senior tech
editor Nick Turner in San Francisco.
Nick, thanks so much for joining us. I
mean, there was really a lot to unpack
in these numbers.
What stood out to you in particular, and
what were the key takeaways?
>> Well, yeah, I mean, as you as you noted,
the fact that there's no China sales in
the forecast, or at least the H20 sales
in the forecast, could be read read as
as a positive because it shows that
they're kind of hitting their targets
even without China.
Um but
So, the general reaction was that the
forecast wasn't really what people were
hoping for.
I should note that the range of
estimates for this
for the third quarter was essentially
$15 billion apart in some so you really
had a really wide range. I mean
the numbers here are obviously very
large but but much
a much bigger range than you usually see
for Nvidia or certainly any other
company.
>> So, why do you think the stock reacted
the way that it did? Because these were
pretty good numbers. Nick, um is it
mostly about the the cloudiness around
the China business or is are they really
starting to see signs that this whole AI
spending boom is starting to peter out?
>> I think that you had so many of these
sort of blockbuster beats with Nvidia
over the over the last couple of years
that maybe people were just looking for
something along those lines. It's um
it was, you know, it was a decent
forecast and I don't think um
it's sort of
really a
anyone's going to interpret as as a
shockingly bad thing for the company but
obviously
it wasn't that kind of just oh my god,
wow, they just hit it out of the park
again kind of quarter and I think a
certain number of investors were
certainly looking for that.
>> Thank you, Nick Turner there, our senior
tech editor with a breakdown of course
of those earnings joining us from San
Francisco. Let's bring in Beth Kindig
now, lead tech analyst at IO Fund. On
the her kind of take on all this, right?
So it seems like the disappointment was
around the guidance and you're removing
H20 chip sales to China as part of it.
Was that a surprise to you, Beth?
>> Yeah, I would say it was not a surprise.
I would say it was more just very
confusing, right? I mean, it was going
back and forth a lot leading right up to
the print. Analyst estimates were
getting cloudy around that item. How
much H20 revenue would be recognized
this quarter if any. That's where a lot
of the wide range of estimates was. What
I would say is if you just look at Q2,
this stock should be down much more
after hours than what it is because
compute had a quarter-over-quarter
decline. We're talking Nvidia, the
biggest AI compute leader in the world.
But the reason this stock has recouped
some of those losses and I think will
will retain strength is because of that
guide for Q3. It was very strong.
They're moving 15% quarter-over-quarter
growth in Q3. This is above and beyond
expectations. So just to compare, it was
a 5% quarter-over-quarter growth when
you included networking for this Q2.
It's now accelerating to 15%
quarter-over-quarter. It's really all
about Q3 and it's because Blackwell and
Blackwell Ultra are starting to ship.
And if you know that story, you're not
selling this stock right now.
>> Mhm. Do you think then we got enough
sort of clarity around around the demand
outlook for Blackwell Ultra and also
moving past that Rubin as well?
>> Yes, where the line item is that also
really strengthens the second half story
is that networking beat by a significant
amount. And networking is indicating
that those larger systems, which are
moving from eight GPUs to 72 GPUs, it
just needs a lot of networking to do
that, is indicating that Q3, Q4 could be
stronger than what it appears. And then
again, you have that acceleration going
into Q3. That that really is quite
strong as we look forward for Nvidia.
>> So in some ways I think you're saying
the Blackwell strength that that seen
offset some of the headwinds from China,
but what is your outlook on China? I
mean, do you think that the mainland
market will eventually open up to
Nvidia? Is it just a timing issue, you
think, Beth, once we kind of settle the
geopolitical headwinds?
>> When I look more broadly, you know,
China has strong domestic players in
EVs, strong domestic players on mobile.
AI is exponentially larger market. I
would foresee China having stronger
domestic
um resources for AI and not having that
be an import uh
across the board, just like EVs and
mobile. For For my opinion, you know, I
see self-reliance on semiconductors
being the way forward for China, if I
were to guess.
>> Mhm. Does that need to be a concern for
Nvidia? I think when you take a look at
the the revenue for Nvidia from the
Chinese market, I mean, it's continued
to trend down over successive quarters.
So, last 13%, I mean, it was down from
20% just just a few periods before that.
How much does does Nvidia really need
the Chinese market?
>> I would argue it's more pronounced when
you're in between these generation of
GPUs. Uh China was really keeping sales
elevated by buying that older
generation, the H20s, versus a lot of
these big tech companies waiting for the
new Blackwell release, which again is
coming in that Q3, Q4, and beyond. Um
so, that is where China was really
helping Nvidia elevate its sales while
in between GPU generations. I think
that's less of an issue for Nvidia as
Blackwell ships in volume.
>> Uh Beth, it's been an interesting
earning season. I'm just wondering what
your take is on some of the big tech
names that have reported. Uh what what
stood out to you so far?
>> Microsoft continues to stand out to me.
Uh I can't emphasize Microsoft enough.
Of course, the market has caught on.
It's, you know, highly valued company
here.
However, it's growing 40%
on large revenue for Azure. And then you
have commercial RPO. And commercial RPO
is well into the mid-300 billions
growing at an elevated growth rate. It's
actually somewhat inconceivable that
they're in the mid-300 billions on
commercial RPO and it's continuing to
grow at the rate it is. This just
foreshadows how far ahead Microsoft is
when you look at the rest of the Meg 7.
And who's in the lead now, I think will
continue to be in the lead into the
foreseeable future.
>> Do we need to to be worried though about
sort of so much demand just coming from
these hyperscalers like AWS? I mean, are
we seeing enough of a broadening out of
AI just yet?
>> When I think about big tech CapEx
and I think about these big players
spending just so much money, it really
is to an extinction issue here. This is
survival.
In the past, we saw them tinker around
and try a lot of new things.
Maybe the metaverse.
AWS clearly nailed cloud infrastructure
as a service. They've really tinkered
around a lot and found some success,
found some failures. That's not what
we're doing here. This is
about extinction. Meaning whoever does
not lead will not be in business no
matter how large your business is today.
Therefore, I don't think we're in a
I don't think that AI spend will slow
down anytime soon.
>> You know, there's been people
planting the idea of maybe a beginning
of a bubble that they're seeing.
Are you seeing pockets of this AI story
that are looking a bit more bullish now?
>> There is an AI bubble if you just look
at AI software. AI software is really in
that R&D phase.
It doesn't have what you call product
market fit, which would be lots of
customers paying
a fair value for the for the app for the
service. However, the picks and shovels
hardware is the sweet spot right now. It
goes back to that big tech capex.
Even once big tech capex starts to dry
up, that will only allow enterprises to
step in and take that inventory. And of
course there's Nvidia, but Nvidia has
dozens if not beyond dozens, maybe up to
100 suppliers
across all the different components and
across all the different supply chains.
And then when you think global, it's
quite a large ecosystem when I say picks
and shovels. That is not where the
bubble is. That is sustainable
investing.
>> That's Beth Kindig there. Thank you so
much for joining us this evening. That's
Lei Tech analyst at IO Fund joining us
from Boulder, Colorado. And still ahead
we're going to get more on the markets.
Of course it's all about that Nvidia
reaction in the session today. William
Blair will join us on why they see
uncertainty ahead despite that recent
Chinese rally as well. And taking a look
at how Meituan is indicated to open in
Hong Kong. I mean, we already saw ADRs
down nearly 10% overnight. Very big
warning from the company on the outlook
around food price wars in China. So
that's that should be setting up very
much in the red. But counting down to
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
Hong Kong. This is the China show.
>> European fixed just the Bloomberg here
right now and it is yet another strong
one at 71063. So certainly one thing to
watch here is, you know, as we start to
see the PBOC trying to at least anchor
this currency and keep it strong. Maybe
that helps with the whole equity rally
space as well here today. But yeah, we
are
expected to see a bit of a decline here
just given what we've been seeing,
right? Meituan certainly could be the
big drag today, Bell.
>> Yeah, I mean we already saw IDRs for
instance down nearly 10%. We're
certainly setting up for a day in the
red on that stock. In terms of what else
we're watching in the session today, I
mean the yuan is in focus given we've
just seen it slipping back off that that
9-month high. We did though see the
greenback a little bit under pressure
overnight as well. So maybe that will
also, of course it will it will play
into it. What else we're tracking is is
the CSI 300. We are starting to look at
that 4500 level coming into focus. Small
caps rally, I mean that's another watch
for us as well. In terms of of the
earnings, I mean it's not just that big
focus on what we have with Nvidia. We'll
be watching those chip stocks, but lots
of earnings coming out in the session
today. You've got the likes of of ZTE
for instance, SenseTime that's a Chinese
AI leader. A lot of the brokerages,
logistics companies like Costco, SF
Holding. I mean lots of numbers to track
and as well that Jimmy Lai trial is is
ongoing.
>> Yep, we'll continue to watch that one
there. But yes, let's talk a little more
about the stock rally in China. We're
seeing sparking concerns about potential
risks to investors as well and prompting
some brokerages and fund managers to cut
back on financing and limit purchases.
Let's bring in our Asia equities
reporter Winnie Shu on more of this on
on What do we know so far what they're
doing?
>> Yeah, exactly. So brokers are raising
the margin the margin deposits for
investors. But actually today we're
hearing some more updates around some
credit card companies potentially also
setting some restrictions when it comes
to funding for buying stocks. So we're
seeing more and more restrictions coming
into
into play when we are in this bull rally
that we're looking at. So that might be
that early sign of maybe bubble bursting
if there is a bubble, but certainly
things are kind of slowing down a little
bit. And that actually weighed on
yesterday's afternoon session when we
saw the CSI 300 and the HSCEI down more
than 1%. And yes, there is some profit
taking after a big rally, but also uh
most investors were pointing to uh the
concerns around that the the
restrictions around the margin uh
deposits. And they're saying that that
might be uh triggering more brokers to
do similar things and also might be a
signal that regulators are shifting into
a more deleveraging
tone, and that hurts retail sentiment.
Retail investors have been taking a lot
of margins and also institutional
investors, they might have to uh be
forced to cut down uh their
over-leveraging positions.
>> We're just getting Meituan that's coming
online in in uh pre-market trading here.
You can already see down 10%. I mean,
that's kind of to be expected given we
saw ADRs and a lot of uh
analysts or traders cutting their profit
projections as well on the stock. We
have those sort of seen that
outperformance of Asian tech stocks over
their US counterparts.
Can that really extend?
>> Yeah, actually Meituan's earnings today
not the most upbeat, but when we look at
the broader, for example, the China tech
names, actually
you know, earnings halfway through, we
do see some of the positive uh signs
when it comes to Tencent, for example,
and yesterday Can Can was also really
strong. So, with names that are really
able to kind of capture the AI strength
and be able to monetize that, we're
seeing that investors see that as quite
positive and are showing um more reward
signs. But overall, we are expecting the
the Asia tech names to still continue
their outperformance. Yes, we did see
Nvidia posting some disappointing
earnings today, but Asian tech stocks
not affected as much when you look at
the Japanese names and Korean names
erasing some of their losses and overall
broader picture tariff risks
kind of coming down and also
investors looking into some of the
alternatives when it comes to rotating
away from US amid this weakening trend
of the US dollar and there are also
other individual
reasons why we like Asian tech names
including kind of the the stable profit
margin when it comes to Japanese names
you know South Korea and also TSMC still
having really upbeat results.
>> Winnie thanks very much for joining us.
That was our Bloomberg Asia equities
reporter Winnie Shu there and just also
just keeping that continued watch on
Meituan because I think it's going to be
one of the biggest stories in the
session today for Hong Kong stocks.
>> Yeah.
>> What's really interesting is I mean you
had those numbers
really bad outlook given you've just got
so much spending and so much competition
around the food price delivery wars
Alibaba for instance got those earnings
tomorrow going to really shed a lot more
light on this but
when you take a look at what analysts
are saying I mean city for instance JP
Morgan they've both just downgraded
talking about things like low entry
barriers and also just that high
commitment of the competitors as well.
>> They're slashing their price targets
right? I think JP Morgan is about 45
city as well similar measure because
it's just the fact that profitability is
now a concern right? When they're
talking about they may actually return
to losses in the second half according
to Alicia Yap and her team at city so
certainly that's why you're seeing that
stock react in this way right now. We'll
have plenty more to come. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Well going into the open this morning
we're setting up for some losses on the
Hang Seng. I mean one of the big drags
is going to be Meituan. We had those
numbers out overnight and the company
warning of major losses this quarter.
They've just reported at 97% plunge in
net income for the second half or second
quarter rather instead, but you are
seeing under pressure. Lots of
downgrades that stock as well. Some
other companies missing their estimates
as well. We saw that for Mengniu Dairy
for instance, Shimao Property as well.
The only real standout on that board is
China Life Insurance that managed to
post a beat, but still down nearly 4%.
Akeso is the other company we're
watching in pre-market trade this
morning. That is a biotech company. It's
closely watched lung cancer drug has
definitively demonstrated it can help
some patients live for longer for the
first time. So, that stock again under
pressure, but has been hitting a record
high.
>> There is a share placement. Maybe that's
why the stock is heading lower, but
certainly doesn't really kind of fit in
what we've been seeing some of the good
news around that company. But, there you
go. Pre-market is looking like this
right now. Hang Seng is down 7/10 of 1%.
We got the open coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show and we're counting down to the open
of markets this morning. Look, there's
kind of a few themes that tell us maybe
I mean, you can see there we're sitting
up for a day in the red, but on the one
hand you've got Nvidia numbers that are
sort of casting a shadow across markets
generally or the IT sector in
particular. Watch those Chinese tech
stocks though. Do they be the
beneficiaries or are they the
beneficiaries? On the other hand, you've
got these concerns around
the amount of of liquidity pressures we
could start to see in China as well and
is that rally
looking a little bit on thin ice. So,
just come some of the things we're
watching this morning.
>> Yeah, if you're looking for any sort of
near-term catalyst to derail this rally,
think about the brokerages and what we
just talked about, right? Sources
telling us that they're looking into
raising margin deposits, uh limiting
purchases, even when it comes to credit
cards, uh among the banks as well.
Certainly, those are signs, maybe small
signs, that maybe things are might can
start slowing down, right? Or at least,
you know, we don't have any confirmation
that regulators are giving this sort of
guidance, but certainly it is uh some
sort of uh signs here. But, you take a
look at what it comes to how these
markets are doing, um we did see that
downside yesterday, right? So, it seems
that we are extending some of these
losses here on shore, but we're pretty
flat. Um but yes, uh the Nvidia story
certainly is filtering through a little
bit here in the Asia session, but not as
much, right? As Bell mentioned, that 3%
drop in the after-hours trade. Um but
yeah, we'll see how the chip plays there
because, you know, the camper cons alike
have been on fire of late. Uh what we're
watching very, very closely here is, of
course, what's going on uh in some of
the big and mega caps. Kweichow Moutai
is flat here right now, uh but we're
watching very closely camper con tech.
There you go. We're up 3 and 1/2%. So,
the fact that Nvidia excluded the H20
chip sales to China in that outlook, may
that be a positive sign for some of
these local chip makers, right? This
whole China buying China theme certainly
continues here. And then camper con is
the darling and maybe that new national
champion. We'll talk to Shirley Ren
about that in today's column. It's a
good one. But, look at the boards and
take a look at how Hong Kong is doing.
Of course, we're focusing all on Meituan
here today. The stock was down some 10%
the pre-market, and it looks like there
you go. We're down some 8% here right
now. Uh these numbers were were bad. The
outlook though, when they're talking
about these losses could, you know,
continue to or get worse and there's
more pain ahead given that they are
losing their market share and that their
dominance in the food delivery space uh
certainly is a worry for the market once
again, right? So, Meituan there, we've
been seeing these price targets slashed
from Goldman, from Citi this morning as
well, and more coming through from the
sell side. So, certainly maybe we could
be seeing more pain ahead for the stock
itself. That's dragging HS Tech down by
about 1%. Certainly one to watch here.
Of course, Alibaba is the next one to
watch. That stock is down some close to
3% here right now. Uh then again, we're
talking about the strong fix as well.
So, we're still seeing some strength in
the currency. A lot of economists or
market strategists out there think seven
could be in the cards. So, that could
actually help at least uh support this
rally in some ways. But, there you go.
If you're looking for bright spots, it
is the chip the chip space in China. So,
after those Nvidia earnings as well. So,
does this open a window at least for
some of these local domestic players uh
in this whole AI race. So, certainly
that's one sort of narrative that we're
seeing here. So, SMIC up some 1 and
1/2%. In terms of earnings, uh we have
to go through it's CNOOC, it's MGM, it's
China Life, it's Sherma. So, everything
in sort of the traditional oil space,
you got consumption plays as well,
insurers as well. Uh certainly there
you're seeing uh decent moves on those
overall. And we do have a pretty big uh
listing today. Well, a big move at least
in the first trade uh there. Jiashing
International, this is a mining company
making its debut in Hong Kong. Yeah,
there you go. 124%
to the upside on the first day of school
bell.
>> Wow, that's that's that's a very good
result so far we're seeing in the
session. An absolute surge for that
debut there. But,
let's get more on the outlook for
Chinese equities in general. Bring in
Vivian Lin Thurston, partner and
portfolio manager at William Blair
joining us now. And And Vivian, I mean,
Yvonne was just mentioning there that
you've got these concerns around whether
this stock rally that kicked off in in
April in China has further room to run.
Do you see that happening or are we
looking a lot to be in bubble territory
right now?
>> Mhm.
I think part of the drivers of uh
Chinese equities rally year to date uh
was driven by the liquidity and inflows
from the global investors. So, to some
extent, we'll see how this factor
continue to play out uh
whether US dollar weakening will
continue to be the case or uh US trade
policy remain uncertain. Therefore,
global investors and US investor will
look at um other markets such as China
to deploy capital. On top of that, we do
see fundamentals of several industries
in China have improved. So, going
forward, I think the performance of
Chinese equities will continue to
predicated on those two factors. And
then in
on the country level, you have to be
industrial you have to be very
selective. It has to be very much
bottom-up driven, company by company,
industry by industry.
>> Vivian,
are you concerned about some of the
metrics that people look at and whether
this this market is getting overheated,
whether it's margin trading, with what
we're seeing with the brokerages now and
trying to limit purchases and raise
margin deposits, for example. Are those
telling signs to you that maybe we're
we're coming to an end on this rally in
any way?
>> I think there could be some kind of a
near-term a technical factor given that
the market has rallied quite hard uh
year-to-date. However, if you look at
the fundamentals and corporate earnings
of some of the industries which have
rallied quite a bit, I think it's
justified.
Uh so, in China, we have seen the past
that the path to the bull market never
linear. Uh we probably just came out of
a few years of very difficult markets
and then now we start to see the
corporate earnings recovery and also
some better policy support coming
through. So, I think we could still see
maybe a rally after certain
consolidation phase.
Uh but at the end of day, I do think it
has to be company by company, industry
by industry, and it has to be driven by
the underlying fundamentals and
earnings.
>> It's interesting that you talk about
sort of those improving company
fundamentals. Meituan, for instance,
though has just had their earnings out.
We're seeing that big sell-off in the
session so far today, uh down around 7%
right now, I think. But but generally,
you know, this sort of prediction that
the the food delivery wars are going to
be extending, I mean, what do you make
of the anti-involution drive so far
generally in China, and do you see that
actually starting to bear any sort of
fruit to improve company profits as well
or company profit margins?
>> Yeah, this is exactly the example that
as I mentioned, we have to go industry
by industry or company by company. So,
Chinese e-commerce industry has been in
this pretty intense competition for a
long period of time. So, this is not a
very surprising, um, I would say,
outcome uh, for some of the leading
players continue to see the pressure.
So, the involution been quite, uh,
evident uh, in e-commerce of China. And
part of the reason is because e-commerce
as industry has already matured to some
extent in China uh, as the penetration
rate has become very high. So, we'll see
how this anti-involution eventually
going to impact this industry on the
positive way, but I do think from the
bottom-up industry itself kind of
intrinsic uh, characteristic
perspective, it's very difficult to see
the government interference uh,
eventually
play a positive uh, impact in my view.
So, yeah, you have to be very company
driven, company specific.
>> Yeah, and that's certainly one theme. I
think another theme that continues to
support this rally, Vivian, is the AI
trade, right? And I look at something
like Nvidia and how even, you know, blow
out earnings are still not to just
enough to justify uh, the rally in the
stock. Does does Asia tech look like a
really cheap buy compared to what you're
seeing in the US? And does that sort of
rotation have more than just a tactical
sort of trade now?
>> Yeah. I remain positive about the AI
uh, development in China. And I think
not only globally, I think we're still
in the very early phase of the AI and
the disrupted the
as we have seen so far, even though we
know none of the disruptive growth
themes is linear.
Uh but China specifically, I think could
decouple from rest of the world in terms
of the AI development. Uh both is driven
by their desire to be self-reliant in
terms of that technology. And then also
to more driven by their ability to
continue to pursue their own ecosystem
development at a affordable uh price. So
from that end, I think China AI trade or
AI driven kind of a earnings growth will
continue. And we start to see the
impact, I will say, from the recent
earnings report among different
industries, whether it's internet,
whether it's online gaming. Now we even
talk about industrials. So AI start to
play a very important role from both the
cost reduction, productivity gains, and
even content production uh to those
industries. So I'm very um positive
about this trend going forward. Uh even
though you have to come down to
different companies and different phase
of the growth, if you will. But overall,
I think we're still at the early innings
uh of this development.
>> What about the preference of of A over H
shares? Where do you stand on that?
>> Yeah.
So we have seen the A to H kind of uh
premium has narrowed.
Uh meaning that the Hong Kong listed
stocks have rallied quite
quite a lot, I would say, outperformed
the A share market. That's why we see
that discount narrowed.
Um
however, for some fast-growing or
high-quality companies, we actually
already see A share and H share is trade
at parity. Uh there's no disparity about
valuations. So I think it really depends
on what kind of companies. But the only
kind of China some SOE banks, you will
still see uh A share trade at premium uh
given that
the liking of the global investor
probably not really into that industry.
But even that, I think the premium has
come down. Um but for those new newly
listed, whether whether biotech, whether
some EV supply chain, or whether AI, we
saw a lot of those the companies already
traded at a parity. I think this will
continue the case going forward uh given
that the global investors start to take
notice of some of the very strong
growing uh industries and companies in
China.
>> How should I be looking still at some of
these sort of high dividend yield
dividend plays in this market now,
Vivian?
>> Yeah.
I do think there's still a spot for that
uh cuz it given that China has such a
low interest rate, therefore I think
they're seeking for yield uh continue to
be there. It actually depends on what
kind of investor you are. Uh if you're
insurance-driven kind of uh
uh wealth management-driven kind of
products, you probably will still like
to have that dividend plays. Uh so I
think in China now we see pretty
divergent or diverse kind of preferences
by different investors. On the one hand,
growth continue to be favored whether
driven by AI or by um some new
consumption theme. Uh on the other hand,
people also look for the dividends. And
I do think if you have both combination,
and interestingly, there are companies
in China both growth and high dividend
payment. And and I think those tend to
probably the the best uh stocks in the
current environment.
>> Yeah, you get the best of both worlds
there.
>> Vivian, thank you again. Lin Thurston
there, partner and portfolio manager at
William Blair. She joins us there from
Chicago this evening. Uh here's your
market right now and and 10 minutes into
the start of trade and certainly things
are looking uh to the downside
particularly in the offshore market here
today. I think Meituan is the culprit
that is dragging uh this Hong Kong
market down here. We're down some 9% for
the stock after its earnings. HS Tech is
down 1.6%. We got plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> You're watching the China show and we
just in the the thick of the thick of
earnings, which is why we can justify
having so many logos on one screen, but
but some of the standouts that we're
going to be watching in the session
today. I mean, you've got
the likes of in the tech space for
instance that to you. You've got
>> Since time you've got Huawei Hong and
then big focus on on Chinese
semiconductor names because actually
there's just been some reporting from
the FT for instance saying that Chinese
chip makers are looking to triple their
output of chips or AI chips next year.
You also got the securities firms for
instance China Galaxy Everbright CITIC
and logistics as well. I mean Costco
shipping SF holding just some of the
names we're going to be watching just
today alone, but it's not just today of
course. It's also what we've got
overnight and Meituan is is certainly
standing out to the downside.
>> Yeah, this is the one that's standing
out here today like a sore thumb. Why do
you think the analysts are saying? So
you have the likes of Citi and JP Morgan
downgrading the stock overnight. Others
have slashed their price targets but
maintain like Morgan Stanley overweight,
but it really is the concerns around the
profitability side of things, right?
Alicia Yap from Citi is saying look,
what they're seeing so far these
substantial operating losses suggest the
company might return to losses in the
second half and it actually may take
longer than the market can tolerate her
team says for Meituan to regain
profitability. Just goes to show there's
there's still in the thick of this whole
price competition and price war.
>> Yeah, as well. I mean JP Morgan for
instance cutting to neutral from
overweight, but the price target a huge
cut there from 150 Hong Kong down to
105, but essentially again similar sort
of theme saying that there's a high
commitment from a competitors like
Alibaba for instance JD and low entry
barriers. Morgan Stanley though keeping
that overweight, but they're saying that
yeah in the near term you're going to
see that earnings pressure continuing.
>> Yep. So in the midst of all this price
wars are certainly not just you know,
seeing it in the food delivery space.
It's also in the EV space as well. I'm
really China's campaign to stamp out an
EV price war appears to be having
limited effect. Now data shows the
country's top auto brands kept discounts
intact or even deepened or slightly
reduced them in July. Let's bring in our
China correspondent Minmin Low. She's
been looking at these numbers and joins
us from Beijing now. So tell us, you
know, it doesn't seem like
anti-involution is is really making much
traction right now. What what's going
on?
>> Yeah, it really shows you the challenge
that the government faces in trying to
rein in this irrational competition by
getting private companies to end their
price competition. But data from China
auto markets is showing that so far the
discounts in July continue to remain at
around the same level. Some are even
increasing discounts and some reduced
discounts by very little. But so far,
you know, analysts are saying that yes,
these car makers after being summoned by
the authorities, they might commit to
not cut prices, at least the stick
sticker prices, but they can still do a
lot of things to throw in promotions and
incentives, right? They can provide, you
know, free upgrade to a premium cabin,
better seat seating, provide, you know,
free home charges, low interest
financing, all sorts of ways to entice
customers. So while, you know, the
sticker prices may not reduce, it's
going to be hard for that to reflect as
well. And you talk about Maytuan, right?
That warning from the company about more
pain ahead. It seems like investors
might be afraid that we might be seeing
the same thing in the EV sector as well
because overnight in the US session we
saw a big sell-off led by the likes of
Xpeng, Li Auto. We continue to see the
sell-off in the Hong Kong session as
well. So, yes, that continued sort of
competition competition. We also see
sales prices on average declining as
well, which tells you two things. Either
the discounts are still continuing or
that customers are choosing to buy
cheaper models. And that shows you that
the underlying appetite for consumption
is still pretty weak at the moment.
>> Yeah, you mentioned Li Auto. I mean, I
think ADRs were off nearly 9% but you
can see they're down around 3 and 1/2
right now. So, how do the results we've
had so far also set us up for their
numbers later today?
>> Yeah, right now in terms of the earnings
bets, investors are looking at a 4%
price move after earnings, but we are
looking at expectations actually pretty
okay, I would say. Revenue expected to
be up by 2% also and profit expected to
be up by 35% also and our in-house
analyst believes that its profits could
even double on the back of better
control of R&D and selling cost. But,
margins though could be compressed again
because of the intense competition, the
promotions that are being offered. But,
Li Auto as a smaller startup, it is
facing a big challenge from some of the
incumbents like BYD, Huawei, and Xiaomi,
right? Because they've been spending big
on autonomous driving and the company
really have to keep up with, you know,
tech advances and a very fast roll out
of new models in order to attract more
customers. But, so far you look at
vehicle deliveries, the monthly numbers
show us that so far it is in line with
the company's guidance. Although, the
company's guidance did lower its
guidance back in late May. But, looking
forward to the third quarter, it's got
off to a slow start. July numbers are a
little bit soft. So, Morgan Stanley is
saying that maybe the third third
quarter numbers could start to taper
off.
>> All right, Mimin. Thank you. Our China
correspondent there, Mimin Lo, joining
us out of Beijing. We're watching one
stock also on on the bright spot here in
this market and that is trip.com. So,
this is also an earning story that we
saw
from the company and basically it was a
beat when it comes to second quarter
profit, revenue also jumping some 16%
and they also announced a buyback
program of up to 5 billion dollars which
was a bit of a standout there. So, there
you go, trip.com up some 7%. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Taking a look at the the Chinese farmer
company or biotech company Akeso there
you can see look it's starting to narrow
its losses but still down nearly 3%
right now. On the right-hand side though
you can see maybe also what's part of
this story. I mean it's been an absolute
stellar run for this company. They're
having quite a lot of success with one
of their drugs for for lung cancer
treatment as well and so that's really
playing into it. You're up around 180%
so far this year but they did as well
just
issue or issue a share placement and
that as well as it around a 5% discount
to the last close. You've had a slide
for a few days now so sort of some
question marks I guess around trading
activity.
>> Yeah, and so there's a lot about that
and and what's going on with the stock.
There was a block trade as well so you
know there's a lot to talk about right?
So let's talk a little more about the
the share placement. 23 million shares
at almost 150 Hong Kong dollars a piece
and on Wednesday the firm said its lung
cancer drug demonstrated it can help
some patients live longer. Let's bring
in our Bloomberg Asia equity reporter
Sami Chahar. She's been focusing on the
biotech space as well.
They're trying to raise some capital.
Tell us more.
>> Yeah, this has been somewhat of a trend
that we've been seeing in this biotech
space especially. So there was that
block trade it was pretty massive 400
452 million. The two founders are trying
to sell that and of course the placement
that's we're talking about 3.2 billion
here and the 80% of the net proceeds
will go to R&D and of course building
more plants globally and domestically.
So they have a lot of these cancer drugs
and immuno-oncology drugs as well. So
it's all about just boosting that
capacity for plants and of course they
have this very
very close closely watched drug. It's
really going up against Keytruda which
is Merck's
most important, we can say, drug that is
for lung cancer. And that's bringing 40%
of the revenue for Merck. So, it's it
has the potential to go up against them.
So, it's going to be very interesting
space to watch, yeah.
>> It's been pretty volatile trading when
you when you take a look as well just
sort of more on an intraday basis. I
mean, yesterday for instance, we were up
around 6% at one point. That was hitting
a fresh record high. You still closed
under in the red and I think it's been
off for the last four sessions. So,
why are we seeing sort of these big big
moves in either direction?
>> Yeah, for Akeso stock, I mean, it's
really fair to say that Akeso was really
the company that brought this whole
biotech boom in China really because of
that drug, the AK112 that we're talking
about here. And yesterday because the
volatility actually is because of that
results that we have seen in the late
clinical trial of this
China trial that we're seeing for this
specific drug. And it was that the
overall survival rate, which is a key
metrics for measuring the cancer drugs
has actually had a significant results
and it did show that it can really
extend the survival rate for the
patients. But, of course,
a lot of it has been priced in. Of
course, there's all this anticipation.
The stock itself is traded at 250 times
multiple, you know, ahead of forward
forward earnings. I did a calculation of
the top by market cap 50 biotech and
pharmaceutical companies in the world
and Akeso was traded at the most
expensive valuations. So, it does kind
of it is a self-explanatory move there.
Although we'll be watching very
carefully, especially on September 7th,
there will be the lung cancer drug
conference in Spain where they're going
to be talking about more of this
results.
>> All right, Sangmi, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was our
Bloomberg Asia Equities reporter Sangmi
Charity and then we're going to keep up
that focus on biotech in the next hour
speaking exclusively with the CFO of
Rachel Biologics. That's Rachel Yeoh
after their first half revenue also beat
estimates and you're seeing that stock
just a little bit in the green so far
today, but of course, I mean it's very
much a session in the red today.
>> Yeah, we're going to talk about GLP-1.
This is the obesity drug that's that you
know is doing quite well. Certainly
that's one thing that the market is
hoping to get a little more details on
of late. Lab of Gold, that's the one as
well. So there's also a placement there.
That stock has been also a darling. And
we are seeing a bit of profit taking
after that placement. So it's down some
3%. Uh some Asia chip stocks to tell you
about. So obviously there's the Nvidia
sort of story that maybe lifting
some of the chip makers domestically in
China, but overall you're seeing a
slight downside in some of these uh big
players like Samsung, like TSMC here
this morning. But yeah, Capricorn, this
was now briefly one of the most priciest
stocks on shore even beating out
Kweichow Moutai at one point yesterday.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And you're seeing as
well you've got that FT story at the
bottom, but certainly they're looking to
really ramp up production over the
course of 2026. But more ahead in the
next hour,
this is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session and what it is is a down day
here today and it is because of what
you're seeing at the bottom of the
screen there, which is Meituan coming up
with some pretty interesting and pretty
disappointing numbers there when it
comes to just you know, we haven't seen
any sort of let up in this whole food
delivery price war, right? And they're
projecting potentially more losses
ahead. And so we're seeing analysts
certainly the sell side has been busy
overnight here on the stock itself. But
yes, uh there's also concerns about what
brokerages are doing here in terms of
trying to maybe slow down this rally in
some ways, Well,
>> Yeah, you're certainly seeing maybe some
early signs of cracks starting to appear
in the liquidity pipeline. Is that going
to be something that sort of brings that
$1 trillion rally we've seen in Chinese
equities since April to a close? I mean,
it's one of the major major questions as
well. Sort of aside from the obviously
all the event risk today and all the
headlines around Nvidia, that's
certainly going to be one of the big
questions for us to digest over the
coming few weeks. But in the session so
far, you're actually seeing Asian
equities that are that are sort of
looking very steady, which is a pretty
good result. And you're seeing a lot of
those tech-heavy indexes for instance,
the Nikkei, the Kospi still managing to
stay in the green here. Taiwan a little
bit under pressure, but again, not
really seeing the same scale of the
losses that you had for Meituan. I mean,
still again, relatively subdued, but up
around 4% in in in
after-market trading or late trading
this morning. What else you're tracking,
of course, is is is just US equities
there. You can see again, more of that
Nvidia story, a bit under pressure, the
dollar a little bit under pressure so
far. But that big next big line in the
sand is really inflation data in the US
later this week. And does that sort of
set the stage for for easing from the
Fed? So that is again, sort of the
bigger picture we're getting to today,
but again, as you said, it's that big
focus. Maybe any curbs or restrictions
in the China brokerages.
>> Yeah, it's just early signs of it maybe
of what brokerages are doing. Obviously,
we they were talking about even just
anti-involution and in in the price wars
within the broker space. Given there
were so many people, you know, flooding
to these brokerages to open accounts to
invest in this market, a bit of FOMO in
some ways. And now maybe they're seeing
signs of maybe trying to at least
deleverage, I guess. That's kind of the
the tone that means at least some
traders are saying. That might be the
next concern here, right? And this is as
we start to see margin trading. You
know, we already talked about it's close
to those 2015 levels. But if you look
at, you know, as a percentage of
turnover, you know, the likes of Laura
Wang from from Morgan Stanley say,
"Look, we're not close to those alarm
bells just yet." But certainly, they're
still watching these these metrics very,
very closely now.
>> Yeah, exactly. It's sort of trying to
draw the parallels or make the
distinctions between what we saw in 2015
versus what we see today for the market
as well. But, I mean, Nvidia numbers, as
we said, it's it's really one of the big
watch points for us in the session. We
saw that stock under pressure.
Big question mark really around China
for the company as well. Can they
restart those sales of H20? Will they be
actually able to get any orders? If
you've got the Chinese government saying
companies really shouldn't be buying,
can they also sort of have more advanced
infrastructure, a Blackwell version for
instance?
>> Yeah, that's interesting that they
mentioned that, right? Jensen Huang
floating this $50 million number about
the opportunities in China and really
trying to to sell the fact that there is
still opportunities out there, right?
And Blackwell chips might be that next
step. But, even what we're hearing from
the CFO, you know, they regulators
haven't exactly put it on ink about this
whole kind of revenue sharing deal that
they mentioned, right? This 15% cut that
President Trump announced just a few
weeks ago. They're not really seeing
that. But, but potentially that's
probably why they took the whole China
story out of their outlook there.
>> Yeah, exactly. Absolutely removing it
from from the forecast, but still a
number that that pretty much met at Wall
Street expectations. The problem is when
you've just got those projections that
also become very lofty. But, again, as
some of our guests have been talking, of
course, about these results and and
here's what we've been hearing. Take a
listen.
>> When we have a a beat and stocks don't
go up or a hot stock like Nvidia doesn't
go up or it starts to roll over a little
bit, that suggests to a trader and a
technical analyst that everyone who
might own the stock already does.
But, we're nowhere near there yet.
>> The reason the stock has recouped some
of those losses and I think will will
retain strength is because of that guide
for Q3. It was very strong. It's really
all about Q3 and it's because Blackwell
and Blackwell Ultra are starting to
ship. And if you you that story, you're
not selling this stock right now.
>> They were very good about
signaling to the market that the China
over 10 could continue and that has
about a $5 billion impact in the next
quarter's numbers. So, having said that,
54 billion represents a very strong
showing, which means they expect
hyperscalers in other parts of the world
to pick up that slack.
>> Let's get more on the trading action
now. Bringing in our M live strategist
Mark Gram Foo, joining us from
Singapore.
>> And it's sort of interesting moves in
the session because you're seeing US
futures that are under pressure. I mean,
the Nasdaq down there a third of a
percent. Nvidia, of course, sliding in
late trade. But But Asian equities are
are still marginally in the green today.
So, why is that do you think?
>> I think we've got a few things going on
here. Uh if you look at Nvidia's
performance in overnight traded
overnight trading in the extended hours
section, considering they set such a
huge bar for themselves to beat and
there appears to be a little bit
disappointment in some of the guidance.
You would have expected Nvidia stock to
even be lower in that session than it
was. And probably the reason it hasn't
fallen so far is the 60 billion buyback.
That's a huge buyback they're offering
to investors. So, if you're thinking
that this is the top for Nvidia and you
might even want to go short of the
stock, you're going to be facing a a
massive buyer of the stock in the open
market. So, that's a big deterrent for
you and it gives you a bit more time to
think about, well, maybe things are not
quite so bad in terms I mean, Nvidia is
still making an enormous amount of
money.
They're still projecting that demand
going into next year is still very, very
good.
So, once the dust settles a bit, it may
well be that in today's cash trading,
which is much more important, what
happens later today in America, maybe
Nvidia's not going to trade that badly,
really. It might be down a little bit,
but it's not going to have this massive
sell-off
that some people may have feared. That's
probably why you've got subdued trading
in the US equity futures at the moment
in Asia. Then you think about what's
going on with the Hong Kong stock. Yes,
Meituan is down a lot, but really no
more than it sold off in the ADR market
overnight in the US. And if you look at
what they were talking about, they're
also in this price war with Alibaba, who
report tomorrow.
So really, what investors are also
thinking is, well, maybe Alibaba's going
to be the beneficiary of some of the
struggles that Meituan is having, in
which case things are not really as bad
as they seem. And the people that are
suggesting that the market isn't yet
reaching a peak, they may well be right.
Because if Alibaba can show that it is
really doing pretty well under these
circumstances, then that's pretty
hopeful for the rest of the people in
that space. Not to mention the fact that
the AI story in China does appear to
have quite a few more legs, especially
as local authorities are encouraging
everybody to buy their chips at home.
And that production is still going ahead
pretty fast, regardless of what's
happening with Nvidia.
>> So you're saying basically
buy this dip then, Mark, right? Is that
the message that's being sent to this
market now?
>> Well, certainly, I mean, people who've
been on the sidelines missing out on
what has been a very strong rally, not
just in China, but really across Asia
since April. There have been huge
rebounds in lots of markets. If you look
at so far the Kospi index today, the
Taiex, they don't seem to be too
concerned about what's happening with
Nvidia, which suggests there's been a
lot of people who've been waiting for an
opportunity to get into Asian markets.
And maybe that's the story that we're
going to see play out later today. Is
that if Nvidia
is suggesting that American equities
finally have reached a point where that
people know that they're expensive,
they've been expensive for a long time.
And maybe they're signaling, "Okay,
now's the time for people to get serious
about shifting money out of US stocks
into other parts of the world where
there could be a catch-up play. And Asia
obviously stands out as a place where
some global money could well come in
this way. It helps as well that Asian
currencies are having a pretty good
time. They're looking pretty solid.
Chinese currency is leading the way in
that respect. So that the reasons for
shifting more of your portfolio towards
Asia are building all the time. And
maybe this Nvidia is a turning point
where we get an even bigger shift as we
come towards month end.
>> Mark thank you. Mark Cranfield there.
Emily Wang just joining us out of
Singapore. And earlier we did hear from
the Nvidia boss himself, Jensen Huang,
on the earnings call and really talking
about the outlook for China.
>> So I think the
you know, the the opportunity for us to
bring Blackwell uh to uh the China
market uh is a real possibility. And so
we just have to keep advocating uh the
the uh uh sensibility of uh and the
importance of uh American tech companies
to be able to to uh lead uh and win the
AI race.
>> Let's bring in our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst, Robert Lee.
Um I I think you're kind of shaking your
head a little bit when we were hearing
some of the commentary around uh the
Nvidia story. But, you know, tell us a
little bit more about what you think
stood out to you. And and really overall
when it comes to the China business, as
well.
>> Okay, sure. I mean, if you look at the
stock price reaction, I think it was
pretty textbook cuz I think as I said in
the previous comments yesterday,
to state the obvious, the stock's been
trading very close to an all-time high.
As we've seen in previous quarters, a
lot of high expectations being baked in.
Although the reported numbers were solid
and were marginally ahead of what was
expected and the guidance again was
pretty solid. I mean, fundamentally, I
don't think there are major questions
that you know, as Mark was saying, that
would trigger any
uh larger sort of profit taking or
sell-off, particularly given the company
has announced this additional 60 billion
in buybacks, which is substantial and
should provide some short-term uh
support. But, it was the lack of
incremental surprise. You know, it was
largely in line with what we expected.
Although there were some more bullish
people out there, you know, looking for
a big beat, that didn't happen. So, I
think again going back to textbooks,
it's unsurprising you're seeing
profit-taking. But, on the China side, I
think on the H20, yeah, on balance, it's
unlikely that Nvidia, or highly unlikely
that Nvidia, for all the reasons we
know, they'll be allowed to
ship H20. I mean, it appears that the
Chinese government is obviously
encouraging companies to buy local as it
pushes towards tech self-sufficiency.
And as I said previously, from a Chinese
perspective, America's proved itself to
be an unreliable partner. Um but, I
think the most interesting thing for me
that came up from these results, as you
mentioned previously, is Blackwell. It
does appear now that Nvidia is shifting
in terms of its strategy. I'm sure there
is some backroom lobbying going on with
the US administration to try and
convince the Trump administration to
allow them to sell Blackwell to China,
and Blackwell being their most advanced
GPU.
>> I think that's still the big question. I
mean, you're taking a look at some of
those Chinese chip names today
that are gaining off the back. I mean,
it's still that big question around
self-reliance. How do you, as an
analyst, evaluate the scale of the size
of the China opportunity? Because Jensen
Huang is saying it could be worth up to
$50 billion, but at the same time it's
it's the China demand side of the
equation as well.
>> Yeah, in in in total honesty, given the
lack of data, the lack of numbers,
it's very hard to come up with a precise
number for the size of the China market
opportunity. But, but, you know, just
again to state the obvious, this is the
world's, you know, one of the world's
leading economic powers
with the full weight of state support is
pushing heavily into AI at the moment.
So, I don't I don't think the demand um,
appetite for AI accelerators or GPUs is
in question whatsoever. Um, but again,
given the geopolitical backdrop, given
the rivalry between the US and China,
um, then Chinese companies are
increasingly being encouraged by the
government and authorities to buy
locally. And then also, if you go I
mean, this is an ongoing saga on H20 and
the you know, the early goes back to
earlier export ban put, um,
put on video chips by Trump. Um, what
Chinese companies have done and because
obviously China's got substantial
engineering resources, um, in terms of
software developers, they have a three
to two numerical advantage,
approximately, over the US. And, you
know, China's very good at software
development. It's a key strength. So,
with this unreliable supply coming from
the US has forced Chinese companies to
innovate to use software to in order to
reduce the computational power and the
computational needs of their AI models,
which has allowed them to, uh, use local
chips.
>> Mhm.
>> So, in terms of spec, a lot of the local
chips, whether they're from Huawei or
even Cambricon, which has been making
the headlines recently,
don't match Blackwell, but they seem
perfectly good and adequate to meet, uh,
the demands of these more efficient
Chinese models that are coming through.
So, net-net, I think Alibaba, Tencent,
and even Baidu should remain well placed
to continue their AI developments.
>> Yeah. Just Just briefly, you mentioned
Alibaba or Mark also made the point that
the losses that Meituan's had in food
delivery could come at the gain of
Alibaba. What's your expectation around
the earnings tomorrow?
>> Okay. In
There's a price war in food delivery. JD
and Alibaba are moving into food
delivery. It's a low-margin business
start with, you know, from from the
Meituan numbers, clearly they are taking
share, but at what cost to the margin?
So, and then also, Alibaba, the cloud
business is going to be in focus. If you
recall last quarter, they missed
margins. It's a very competitive space.
Um so, I think whilst we may see some
revenue upside in Alibaba tomorrow, both
in the um food delivery and cloud,
again, at what cost to margin?
Uh I think that's the major risk factor
going into the print.
>> Right. Robert, thank you. Robert Lee
there, our Bloomberg Intelligence senior
analyst. We just got some breaking news
crossing here uh from Xinhua, also North
Korea state media now confirming it, but
uh it looks like the North Korean
leader, Kim Jong-un, is going to be
attending the China's military parade uh
next week. So, this is what we've been
hearing from state media. North Korea is
also saying that yes, the leader will be
visiting the mainland and will
participate in that celebration.
>> Yeah, certainly it's going to be a lot
of world leaders there. Russia's
president, for instance, Vladimir Putin
among those. The Belarussian president
as well. Uh but up next, we're going to
be talking investments with tech-focused
focused, rather, private equity firm
Hermitage Capital and where they're
seeing opportunities in China. More
details ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. We're watching the China
show. You're watching the China show,
rather, presented by us, but we're
focusing on the the VC space now and
Hermitage Capital. It's a tech-focused
private equity firm with about $1.5
billion in assets under management.
>> Notable investments uh include Horizon
Robotics, the AI drug discovery firm
Xtalpi, as well as the Web3 DeFi firm
ConsenSys. But Henry Zhang, president
and managing partner at Hermitage
Capital, joins us now. And And Henry,
one of the key themes we've been
discussing on the show this morning is
this question mark over whether the
rally we've seen in Chinese equities can
extend. But certainly it's been a huge
run-up in stocks. What's happening on
the VC side, and what's the environment
looking like right now for investing?
>> I think the vibe this year so far is
pretty good. I think we see that China
finally come out of a bear market and
we're seeing three quarters of very
strong secondary market performance.
Yesterday two of our portfolio companies
listed in Hong Kong have announced their
results. Both are very strong. I think
Horizon will see
67% year-on-year growth in the first
half reaching 1.5 billion dollars RMB of
revenue while maintaining 65% of gross
margin, 40% market share dominating the
space.
And also they launched something very
exciting which is called Horizon Smart
Drive HSD, which we think it's the China
version of FSD in China.
And also XtalPi I think also announced
overnight
400% year-on-year revenue growth and
more exciting is that they are first
company in AI drug discovery space to
achieve profitability, which is a which
is a big milestone. So, I think the
fundamentals are very strong mostly
driven by AI. We also see that the
multiple start to recover from the
bottom. So, we might see a a Davis
double play here.
>> It seems like we're seeing this whole AI
play come back in in full force. I look
at Capricorn for example. But there was
a while where it was mostly about Deep
Seek and then we saw a bit of a hiatus
and then now things are kind of bubbling
up once again.
Are we past that whole sort of AI hype?
Where are we now do you think in this
whole AI story?
>> I think we're still very very early. I
think this is our, you know, 1995 1996
internet era in terms of AI.
We begin to see that, you know, the
foundation model has been strong both in
the US and also here in China.
I think there was the reason why there's
a bit of delay in Deep Seek probably
goes back to the computing power, which
is why I think driving the strong
performance of Cambricon, right? To come
up with the next generation cutting edge
model, you need enough training
resources, therefore driving the demand
for AI chips. Not just on the US side by
Nvidia, but also on the China side. So,
Cambricon you see that market cap
reaching 500 billion RMB, share price
doubled and the share price now is, you
know, surpassing MediaTek to be the
highest in Asia market, which is
amazing.
>> I mean, it's also that story around
self-reliance see and and resiliency in
China. Does that also inform your
investment thesis? What are the sectors
where China just doesn't want to have to
rely on the US in any way?
>> China buying China. Yeah.
>> Yeah, I think the whole China buying
China is, you know, making a lot of
sense. I think, you know, US started
export control on some of the chips a
few years back during the Biden
administration. I think that triggered a
whole kind of Chinese domestic produced
chip
thesis, right? I think there's a lot of
excitement in the space and the China is
such a huge market. I think that's been,
you know, the fundamental growth
driving, you know, the semiconductor
boom in China. We think that's very
important because
the chip is the fundamental layer, the
infra layer. So, whatever come on top of
it, the foundation models and future
applications all heavily rely on the
computing power, whether on the training
side and more so on the inference side,
right? Once you have all the
applications built on top of those
foundation models, you need tens and
hundreds more computing power than we
see today. So, this is just the
beginning of the boom for AI computing
power.
We're going to see that, you know,
10-fold, 100x, 100-fold in the next 3 to
5 years.
>> And they're looking for the next sort of
way to fund this whole AI development
and the government in some ways is
almost
using local governments as the next VC
investor.
>> Yeah.
>> What is that environment like when you
start to see local governments get
subsidies in in this whole AI
development?
>> I think this is not too much different
from when we think about EV industry in
China. I think
the reason why EV was
in China like, you know, you look 10
years back starting from the batteries
like
BYD and also CATL.
I think, you know, the Chinese
government does have the vision
to lead industry growth and really
putting the initial kickstart. And once
the Chinese entrepreneur got the initial
kickstart, I think entrepreneurship, the
hard working of the Chinese founder,
Chinese entrepreneur, really take it to
the next level, right? I think we see we
have seen that in the EV industry. Now,
we're going to see that in the robotics
and also semiconductor industries.
>> There's also that question around
the US-China relationship and and
how do you as well see that informing
the way that you approach an in
investments? Because of course you've
got a global mandate, but how global is
it actually?
>> Um I think we look at it in both ways.
Um that I think US-China conflict does
create opportunities. I think we talk
about the chip boom in China. If not
because US ban on the export of Nvidia
and and and AMD chips into China, uh I
think the Chinese uh AI company will may
as well just use Nvidia chips. There
wouldn't be a domestic chip uh industry
to begin with, right? I think just
because of the trade conflict creating
this new demand uh on the China side, uh
which basically, you know, doing China
the favor by incubating their own uh
chip uh ecosystem. So, I I do think that
ob- obviously there are challenges on
situations, but also creating a lot of
opportunities.
>> What metrics do you look at right now
when it comes to this whole the
opportunities in AI, humanoid robots I
know you also focus on right now.
How do you you know, how do you take a
look at what an investment is and and
and what actually will lead to some
decent returns?
>> Right, I think we tend to think about
things in the next 3 to 5 years. Um so,
Hermitage Capital, we have committed to
all in on AI and robotics. We have
decided to invest at least $500 million
in global AI and robotics in the next 3
years. So, it's a big commitment, and so
we're looking at different verticals all
across the space within AI and robotics.
I think some of the criterias are pretty
universal. I think we need to make sure
that's really life-changing.
Um you know, for example, for humanoid
robots, we ask the question about what
can really change, whether it's home
use, can really help taking care of some
of the home stuff, cleaning the the
floors, you know, doing the dishes,
taking care of the seniors, or whether
it's industrial or warehouses, can it
really lifting the stuff, can it really
reducing labor. Because sometimes people
think they they might do something, but
actually they don't, right? So, it's
it's you know, at the end of the day
it's really product market fit that we
focus on, and whether it can solve real
life issues. Uh so, this is uh you know,
some of the criterias we're looking at.
On the AI foundation model side, I think
we also
uh see what are the actual There are a
lot of models out there. Uh so, we focus
on, you know, for this particular model,
does it solve the B2B, you know, issues,
whether it's coding or enterprise, or
does it more solve the 2C problems,
giving companies to uh consumers, right?
>> All right, hold that thought. We'll have
more from Henry Jeong there, president
and managing partner at Hermitage
Capital. I'll bring you some live
pictures out of Seoul here right now,
that Bank of Korea meeting after keeping
rates on hold, and what we're hearing
right now is the breakup and makeup of
what the votes look like. So, five out
of six members are open to a rate cut in
the next 3 months. That's the headline
crossing your terminal here right now.
This is Bloomberg.
Okay, so more lines crossing from the
Bank of Korea press briefing there with
Governor Lee talking about uh how five
of the six members, so a majority there,
open to a rate cut in the next 3 months
or so. Not appropriate, he says, to
comment on the terminal rate right now,
but he expects that rate cut stance may
continue into the first half of 2026.
So, Lee a little bit more dovish there
uh there. And they also mentioned about
this summit between President Trump and
the President Lee as well. They said
ended on a positive note, uh but the
summit outcome didn't require the BOK to
revise its growth view. But yes, right
now holding as they say due to some of
the financial stability concerns out
there. But, yes, maybe more cuts in
the offing there. Bringing up the more
head dish is Bloomberg.
11:29 in Tokyo right now. Japanese
markets heading to that lunch break in
just a moment, and we are seeing
actually decent gains uh when it comes
to Nikkei 225, which is I guess a little
bit surprising given what we heard in
the Nvidia story and you know, the
after-hours trade was down some 3%, but
it's not really impacting uh too much
when it comes to some of these tech uh
space here this morning. So, at least
that's good. The yen is at 147 levels
here this morning in Asia is slightly to
the upside here today.
>> Yeah, that's right. Actually, it's been
a pretty interesting session because we
had Nvidia, of course, and then that
really cast a shadow over US equities in
the late trade. You're still seeing
futures in the red, for instance, Nvidia
down around 3% as well or 4%. Again, in
in after-hours. But, today again, you've
got the IT sector under pressure, but
broadly you've actually got equities a
bit in the green. Midst of earning
seasons, of course, for for the rest of
Asia as well. I mean, Meituan, for
instance, standing out for all the wrong
reasons in the session today. But, a 97%
drop in net income in the second quarter
and still flagging a lot of risks on the
horizon. Uh is that big question, of
course, around yes, there's been the
pressure from regulators to curb
anti-evolution. Are the companies
actually paying any attention to that at
all because you still see that very,
very intense competition as well. Uh
what's interesting as well is that sort
of new China buys China narrative that's
starting to take shape as Beijing steps
up tech rivalry with the US. Uh
Bloomberg opinion columnist Shirley Ren
says China's getting closer to finding
its own Nvidia through homegrown chip
makers such as Cambricon. She joins us
now in Hong Kong and and yeah, it's it's
certainly an opening that that is is
well and truly here.
>> Yes, absolutely. Uh no doubt Nvidia has
the best uh fanciest chips, but as the
AI industry develops, people are moving
from the training models to to to models
that will make good inferences. And the
Chinese companies, they can make chips
that these kind of chips that are less
perhaps technologically advanced, but
it's also more cost effective. And
that's why Chinese companies see that
there's an opening for them.
>> Tell us about Cambricon. I mean, this we
started saying it a lot more these days,
but we really don't know more about this
company. What do we know? What does it
do?
>> what what we know is Cambricon is not
even 10 years old. It was founded in
2016. It went on
It went public in 2020 on the Shanghai
Star Board. And what they do is
application specific integrated
circuits. Basically, making more
specific chips for specific
applications. And the company founder is
only 40 year old, and he has about 30%
stake. And
a business affiliate of China Academy of
Sciences has another 15%. And it's
interesting that that the Cambricon's
shares are up again, even though all the
other chip stocks are are down because
of
Nvidia. And I think it's
because of Nvidia earnings that the
Cambricon stock is up.
>> Yeah, I mean, they're they're sort of
that big beneficiary given that you as
well as well had Nvidia being forced to
pull any sort of guidance around China.
But I mean, China has this long history
of fostering national champions. It
doesn't always go to plan, though.
>> Yes, absolutely. The most famous case
was Tsinghua Unigroup, right? It was
affiliated of Tsinghua University and
the China's closest thing to Samsung
Group, and it went bust. Well, it went
bankrupt in 2021. I think the Chinese
government is starting to rethink how to
foster the next round of national
champions, right? Like
last month, President Xi Jinping
actually said that not every province
needs to
invest in AI. Like some poor provinces,
they just shouldn't, right? So
the the Chinese government is paying
attention to over investment. They're
also trying not to say plow a billion
dollars into those big projects. They're
trying to do earlier round
more kind of like angel investing, like
investing smaller companies that develop
hard tech.
>> All right, Shirley, thank you. Shirley
Ren there, Bloomberg Opinion columnist.
Still with us is Henry Gao. Her
president and managing partner at
Hermitage Capital. Are you listening to
what Shirley mentioned, right? About all
these kind of new startups that are
emerging in China.
As a VC investor, I mean, how crowded it
is this whole space when you see in AI
and humanoid robots now?
>> Yeah, I think
China is a little crowded on the
foundation model side.
I think we're going to see a bit of
consolidation in next three three years.
It'll be very similar to internet search
engine days. China doesn't need three
three Baidu, right? China only need one
maybe at best two. So I think the
foundation model sector in China
definitely need to consolidate. There
might be one or two winners come out of
it.
We see similar things in the US where I
think it's come down to leading players
such OpenAI and Anthropic and xAI. It's
basically the game between the three.
However, on the application side, I
think the booming just started. We're
going to see many different verticals
have their own AIs. For example, Xtalpi
is using AI to do drug discoveries,
helping big pharma companies all over
the world. Right? And also we're going
to see the applications disrupting the
traditional corporate functions, back
offices. Think about finance,
accounting, HR. Vertical by vertical,
you're going to see different startups
coming out and you know, just really
replacing human beings with AI, right?
AI agents. That's on the 2B side. And on
the 2C side, I think we're going to see
a lot of customized 2C content. I think
the next version of ByteDance I think of
is AI-native. Like they tailored content
to your personal taste. Now they just
feed to you. Like they know what you you
know want and they feed whatever
produced content to you. But imagine all
the content will be created specific to
your like. Right, imagine that, right?
That's going to come in the next 3 to 5
years.
Uh I think personalized AI on the
consumer applications will be very
exciting and China will have a lot of
advantage on that because China through
the internet internet competition has a
lot of you know good content good talent
good PMs product managers from BATs that
are ready to create this kind of
startups.
>> What's the what's the sort of
environment as well among the
entrepreneurs that you speak with and
what's sort of the sentiment today? I
mean you mentioned that consolidation
for instance that you're expecting in
the AI foundation model space, but what
about humanoids? I was just speaking
with a company the other day, a robotics
company saying they expect you know
you've got more than 100 companies today
in 5 years they're looking for around
20. How people fairing right now?
>> Yeah.
I think humanoid robots as a sector is
very very exciting.
We start to see thousands of deliveries
of human robots starting this year.
We're going to see tens of thousands a
hundred thousands the year after. So
we're going to see tenfolds year on year
growth for the next 10 years. I think
our prediction is that by 2040 there
will be more humanoids globally than
vehicles. So every households
in the next 10 to 15 years will have at
least have one human robot to be a
helper to be a friend at home, right? So
that's our prediction. On that basis
looking back on how do we capture the
space, we think that there's a lot of
ways we can play this.
To have you know really the human robot
that's working it's a very long industry
vertical, right? You have different
layers to it. There's hardware piece of
it there's you know algorithm there's
software. I think China is definitely
very good well placed on hardware side
because China is the manufacturing super
hub.
So a lot of the upstream components are
similar to the EVs. If you're talking
about the the the tenders, the
um you know, a lot of the hardware
components like the chips, China is very
good at and is also probably dominating
the world. Uh even Tesla are importing,
to my understanding, at least 50 50% of
the components uh from China, right? Uh
in terms of the embodied algorithm, in
terms of the training the action models,
I think the critical bottleneck here,
not just in China but globally, is the
data.
>> Mhm.
>> Because you need the real-life data in
action to train those models and those
data is very very hard to get and very
expensive to get. All right? So, I think
that's the problem we need to solve
collectively.
>> Yeah. You you just had two companies in
your portfolio that went public. You
mentioned Horizon Robotics, Xometry as
well.
How easy is it to go public? But what's
what are exits looking like to you now
for the for the next foreseeable future?
>> I think uh in Hong Kong is never the
issue about getting listed. I think Hong
Kong is a very very friendly venue to
get listed. I think, you know, the
reason why uh there's some delay in some
of our portfolios that IPO is not
because they don't want to get listed or
they can't get listed. It's more because
Hong Kong has been in a bear market
situation for, you know, the previous
three to four years. I think, you know,
as a VC guy, we were concerned about if
they go do go listed,
uh the share price may not be
sustainable after lockup. But I think
that situation has shifted since uh you
know, sort of Q4 last year, especially
after Deep Seek, we see a big rally in
the last three quarters. And both
Xometry and Horizon, on the back of
their strong performance, the share
prices are doing really well. Both have
seen 100% growth since their listing.
>> What about onshore markets? It seems
like that IPO market is
getting a bit of mojo now. I mean, but
there's so many boards, right? I look at
Star Star board, I look at ChiNext. How
are they all different and how do you
choose?
>> Um we're you know, we're primarily
primarily like a USD player. So, most of
our companies portfolio companies do get
listed either in in here in Hong Kong or
the US.
Some are listed in Asia a stock board
but I think primarily still overseas. I
think when choosing between between
listed venues we got we got to look at
different things.
How easy it it is to get listed. Stock
board has specific requirement in terms
of innovations whether do they meet the
criterias.
In terms of the multiples now we see do
see that there's a bit of reverse of the
A to H share premium. Now H share in
certain sectors are seeing a premium
over A share which is something I
haven't seen in my in my finance career
for the last 15 years which is amazing.
>> What about the ticket size from an
investment point of view? I mean is that
changing at all in China given you've
got a lot more exuberance around the
tech sector generally and and more on
the RMB fund side and you just said
you're more USD but but they've had
notoriously tough conditions for
companies as well. Are you having to
relax any of those given maybe there's
more competition from the investor side
for these companies?
>> I think
you know certainly it's a little crowded
more crowded on the RMB side. A lot of
GPs come on and raise capital on the
RMBs. So there's more competition and
also because of that also driven there's
a lot of startups for example in
humanoid robotic space. There are
to my to my point I think there are too
many startups out there try to compete
for limited amount of talent where I
think we should really concentrate those
talents in a handful start startups and
really make it work because for a
humanoid robots to work end to end to
solve real real life issues you need a
lot of talent as I mentioned earlier.
You need hardware to work, need the
software to work, you need to present in
in a very good manner and the branding
marketing to be there. It's a lot of
work and need a lot of talent. So what
we're seeing some of the US and European
startups is they really concentrate 40
50 top talents around different fields
and put them together as a super team.
Whereas in China maybe the VC sector is
a little too hot in the space so there's
too many startups there and talent sort
of scattered.
>> Very interesting. Thanks so much for
joining us Henry. That was Henry Zhang,
the president and managing partner at
Hermitage Capital. And coming up, we're
going to be speaking with Innovent
Biologics CFO, joining us following a
strong first half revenue that beat the
street. We'll have that interview just
ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> We're going to take a look at shares of
Innovent Biologics here this morning.
Stock's up some 1%. Uh, but yes, the
Chinese biotech firm saw its first half
revenue coming in above forecast and
jumping some 51% on year. It also swung
to the black for the period as well.
Joining us exclusively from Shanghai now
is Rachel Yeo, the CFO at Innovent
Biologics. Uh, Rachel, it's great to
have you on the program. Uh, you know,
analysts have been quite optimistic
about your growth prospects. You're
talking about, you know, sales growth
can continue thanks to the robust uh,
product pipeline that you have. But tell
us a little more about, you know, what's
in store for you guys in the in the
outlook.
>> Uh, thank you. Thank you for the
question. Yeah, as you just mentioned,
we did have a very strong first half
performance. So, you can see our revenue
growth was more than 60% for the half
first half. And the product that revenue
growth was also more than 37%
I think it's mainly driven by the strong
growth from our oncology portfolio. And
also we are seeing the increasing
product revenue contribution from
general medicine pipeline. And also we
are seeing we are entering into a new
chapter of dual engine growth and a
global innovation. So, uh, as the
general medicine is emerging as the
second growth engine for the company, we
are also expanding our footprint from
China to the global market.
Um, and as also you can see, not only
our top line grow very strongly, but we
are continuously enhancing our operating
profitability. So, with the continuous,
you know, efficiency improvement, you
can see our net profit margin was also
substantially improved in the first half
this year. So, you can see on IFRS
measure, we reported a net profit of 1.2
billion, and the EBITDA was RMB 1.4
billion. So, actually our goal was set
in the beginning of this year is to
achieve the second consecutive year of
EBITDA break even, even without the
taking into the licensing fee income.
But, with the very strong performance in
the first half, I think we are confident
to achieve the better than expected full
year profitability.
And other than our, you know, financial
performance, we actually generated very
positive proof-of-concept data across
our pipeline to support our registration
study. So, you can see we are planning
to move our leading oncology assets, IBI
363, into the global MRCT phase three in
the second half this year. And we also,
you know, launched the first globally
approved GCGR GLP-1 dual agonist
in the end of June. Sorry?
>> Can I ask you about the that that that
obesity drug, mazutide, in particular? I
mean, maybe it hasn't showed up so much
in the first half results, but what's
your outlook for it as as you move
forward?
>> Sure. Yeah, actually we are very excited
to, you know, receive the approval to
launch this product in China. As I just
mentioned, it's actually the first
globally approved GLP-1 GCG dual
agonist, and its unique MOA make not
only potent in terms of the body weight
reduction, but also can reduce the liver
fat substantially. So, it was officially
launched in the beginning of July. So,
it's about less than 2 months post the
launch. I would say overall, we see the
very strong performance post launch,
very much in line with our internal
estimation. But, I think the overall
ramping up in different channels is
still dynamic. So, we should be have a
you know, even clearer picture after
next couple of months.
>> Okay. Um
can you give us some numbers any any
sort of in terms of what the initial
uptake has been on the drug?
>> Uh we did not provide a specific
guidance, but I think you can see the
overall obesity population in China is
very huge. The total population for
overweight in China, I think it's around
half a billion. If you think about the
penetration of the GLP-1 class in China,
I would say it's still less than 1%. So,
we do believe, you know, China is a huge
market with quite a lot of growth
potential ahead of us.
>> And and given that you're getting that
sort of commercial progress on on that
obesity drug, then how's that also
informing the the investor interest that
you're receiving or if you're looking to
raise more funds as well?
>> All right. So, so I think basically you
can see we have very strong cash
position. As of today, our cash reserve
was about 2 billion US dollar. So, I
think if you look at our domestic
business, we already reached EBITDA
break even last year and the
profitability was continuously improved
in the first half this year. So, the 2
billion US dollar cash reserve is mainly
for the global development. I think
we're in a very good cash position at
this moment.
>> Uh what about in terms of getting more
international investor interest? I know
there was a big
biotech summit that that happened just
recently here. Are you getting more
international investors that want to
actually invest in the biotech space?
>> Yes. Yes, that's a very good question.
So, actually we do see the resumed
global investor interest into the China
biotech sector. So, you can see you
know, if you look at the first half, the
number of China biotech transactions has
already reached more than 60 and the
total deal value was about 60 billion US
dollar. So, the sector has been very
active in terms of the deal making. And
overall, I think the China bio sector is
transitioning from the traditional
me-too-me better to a real driver for
the global innovation. So, I think we do
see the you know, very strong interest
from global investors starting from
first half this year.
>> What about in the in the deals making
space as well? Because Innovent just
announced that it's received FDA
clearance for instance to begin a
late-stage global trial of a key trial
rather of a key cancer drug. This is IBI
363 to be specific, but but it is a a
drug that many analysts expect Innovent
to be able to license out. So, what does
that mean then for the partnership
potential for the drug?
>> Yeah. So, you know, as you just
mentioned, we do see very encouraging
data for our leading oncology assets IBI
363. And I think you know, we are also
very excited to receive the approval
from FDA to let us moving into the
global phase three. But I think the key
for us is to make sure we are able to
maximize the value of the
you know, 363 PD-1 IL-2. So, I think you
know, our goal is to make sure you know,
we are either leverage our internal
resource or leverage potential
collaboration with partners. But the
ultimate goal is to make sure we are
able to maximize the value of our
pipeline and to maximize the shareholder
return.
>> Uh there's a lot of questions among the
sell-side about your globalization
plans. Uh Rachel, can you tell us a
little more about you know how how
actively you are actually hiring and and
maybe your plans to expand in the US
right now and are you on track for that?
>> Great. Uh I think we also mentioned in
our conference call earlier today, you
know, we are very actively, you know,
recruiting talents to make sure we have
sufficient the capability to moving our
uh 363 and other pipeline assets into
the global trial. So, we started the
preparation from the beginning of last
year and we're continuously hiring
talent to make sure we have the
capability to conduct the trial in the
external markets.
>> Rachel, thanks very much for your time
this morning. That was Rachel Yeoh, the
CFO at Innovent Biologics joining us
exclusively from Shanghai. But if you're
a subscriber and want to rewatch that
interview, you can just join do that
rather via our interactive TV function
TV Go. You can also become part of the
conversation by sending us instant
messages. So, check it out at TV Go.
We'll have more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> All right, got to talk about Labubu's.
>> We've talked about it for days, right?
>> Pop Mart, it's the official day, right?
If you're looking at the this launch of
those new mini Labubu toys, they come
out today, right? 10:00 p.m. Hong Kong
time. I'm expecting there's going to be
some lines outside these Pop Mart
stores. But really,
um that's really the big next thing, you
know, as once we saw that in the
earnings call, I think that was what
really got the market excited once
again.
>> Can you just tell me uh sort of how
excited you are about this?
>> You're okay.
>> I think they're cute. I'm not going to
line up.
>> You're not going to line up?
>> No.
>> Oh, okay.
>> A lot of people have love to line up for
things, but I'm definitely not one of
those. But it's it's amazing, right?
When you talk about the fortunes of Wang
Ning, the CEO,
uh you know, he's he's what? Not even 40
years old yet, but you know, his if you
look at Rich Go, his wealth has
basically been accumulated to about 26.2
billion dollars just based on what's
been going on with Pop Mart stock and
the like here. I mean, really I think
that he's a top within the top 10. Which
is people
>> 10 in China.
>> Yeah, it's been it's been an absolutely
crazy run for him. I mean, he was 23
when he started this business. And
actually, I'm just seeing here that he
painted the walls himself at his first
Pop Mart store. So it's really been a
stellar run for him. And and as you
said, I mean, it's that sort of
euphoria. There are stories of of
Labubus that can fetch up to $150,000 at
auction. I mean, maybe if you're not so
keen on Labubu, but maybe it is the
reason to get in line at 10:00 p.m.
tonight if you're just trying to make
more money in the secondary market.
Maybe this is the investment for you.
>> Yeah, I wonder what they do about the
the dupes, too, right? The little fufu's
and then the Yeah, there's all those
different things as well. But yeah,
there's so much question about the
secondary market, as you say. Uh but
also there was this whole concern about
the fact that, you know, are they just
going to be another Beanie Baby, right?
Is this just something that's going to
last a few years and then fizzle out?
>> Yeah, that that thing sort of thing. Is
this Is this the next Hello Kitty? Does
it have the same power?
>> like Disney, right?
>> Yeah. Or is it again, yeah, to your
point, I mean, something I mean, I was
watching some videos the other day and
people were saying, you know, in
overseas markets like Canada, for
instance, there's a lot on the shelves.
Does that tell you maybe the demand is
sort of petering out a little
>> Maybe that's where you have to go,
Canada, to get some Labubus. No, but
yeah,
and there's not much of a narrative,
right, people say, right? Hello Kitty,
Pokémon, there's a story behind it.
And maybe that's why they last in power.
I don't know. Anyways, go line up. We'll
see you tomorrow. That's it for the
China Show. Insight with Heather
McDonald is next.